okay now this groove it's it starts off
like this okay
it's a a flat F a flat B flat again
that's a flat F a flat B flat so you
have this okay and you end with a C with
your right hand a flat a flat B flat C
and when you hit the C with your right
hand you play a chord with your left
hand
the notes are D flat if a flat and C
with your left hand you play D flat F a
flat and C okay so get you have okay and
I'm doing a little slide or scoop up to
the C in the way I'm sliding is I'm
sliding with the middle finger and then
hitting the C with the fourth finger
okay so you have your uh a flat major
pentatonic start don't see C B flat a
flat yep and then we go into a 2 2 note
harmony okay
that's elf and B flat E flat and a flat
C and F B flat and E flat so again it's
elfin B flat E flat and a flat C and F B
flat and E flat guys on from beginning
in Yale okay and your left hand is just
simply playing G flat and D flat when
you do this
she fled in d-flat talking from the top
I mean we go to
okay okay what it is is
they live game is playing
B B flat and F sharp B natural E flat F
sharp okay and writing is playing B flat
and E flat
I mean you add in the f-sharp on top of
it
so so I could do this he fled yep
Sharpie fled while still holding his
people it down
'if little Sharpie flip
whoa and the B flat now
and then you move to this last court
here which is a flat D flat G flat in
your left hand is playing E and B
okay so all together you have
yeah
you